[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This week on Gaia--
>> Make a vow, a promise to
yourself right now that you
will live a meaningful life.
This work is like taking
out the trash without having
to go through it.
I know it's a big ask.
Let's do it together.
We'll have four components.
Movement, breathwork,
meditation, and affirmation.
Yes, we're going to
be uncomfortable.
Yes, it's going
to be challenging.
But can the challenges
not be seen as bad?
The affirmation is there
is nothing wrong with me.
And look directly into
my eyes right now.
There is nothing wrong with you.
Once you realize that
you are innately good,
the unwholesome,
destructive self habits
will fall away immediately.
Practice like no
one is watching.
And if someone is watching,
give them a show, honey.
[VOCALIZING]
>> On "Open Minds with
Regina Meredith--"
>> Anytime you feel a
strong emotion, anytime,
always it opens up portals.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory--"
>> Our activities determine
how the palm looks.
Lines can change.
And that means that we're
either doing our destiny
or not doing our destiny.
Life doesn't come
with instructions.
But it does.
It's on our hands.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure--"
>> That's where I came in
contact with Jeremiah Davis.
He was brought into Area 51.
And he was drafted
out of Area 51
into the United Galactic
Federation of Hendon,
which is 574 different planets.
>> On a new "Into the
Vortex with Jimmy Church--"
>> My guest today
is Randall Carlson,
a geological explorer and an
expert in esoteric symbolism.
>> There have been successive
events that would completely
remodel the surface
of this planet.
>> New series.
>> There's a portal near
here that we can enter.
It will take us
into a new Earth.
>> Only on Gaia.